# SYMCards
This is immersive connection no matter how far we are apart. This is SYMCards. 

SYMCards is a social dApp packed with creator tools designed to disrupt Web 2.0 video messaging. The dApp is designed to amplify the creator inside us all, along with the ingenuity we readily tap into when we need to captivate, not just communicate. SYMCards can work for anyone, including: a long-distanced lover looking for innovative ways to conduct a digital date; an inventive teacher doling out digital rewards to the school’s Mathletes; an A-list actor looking to give away token-gated experiences to their most loyal fans. Whatever the use-case, SYMCards’ core function uses XMTP and LivePeer to send video messages, known as SYMs, among users. Should a user receive a SYM that’s been approved for minting by its creator, the receiving user can “Card” it, freezing the memory as metadata that can be collected, shared, and even sold through the SYMCards Marketplace.  

LivePeer works in tandem with several other protocols to power the social, creator, video NFT, gaming, and commerce tools that distinguish SYMCards from its Web 2.0 predecessors. In addition to the aforementioned synergy between LivePeer and XMTP to enable the dApp’s main feature, LENS provides the application’s decentralized social network base, giving users the benefits of Web 2.0 social media without its maddening data privacy and protection problems. APTOS provides seamless data flow for SYMCards users interacting with other applications on-chain. Arweave ensures inexpensive, decentralized storage remains accessible for SYMCards users who want to replay their messages and mints. Ceramic ComposeDB anchors data relevant to SYMCards users’ contacts, particularly where some may use the dApp to reach hundreds or thousands of community members at once. ENS helps SYMCards users’ establish on-chain identity beyond an assigned address, enhancing personhood and personable experiences for all. The Graph allows SYMCards to organize and index data needed to sustain a user’s experience as they navigate through SYMCards’ features and interact across applications. Huddle SDKs, Streams, and LIT Actions will make SYMCards e-commerce and gaming experiences come to life. From commercial Card designs up for bid at live Metaverse auction to an exclusive collection of SYMs up for grabs at the finish of a digital poker tournament, SYMCards can elevate the mainstream experience of the Internet’s next iteration.

https://opensea.io/symcards
